Update docs to add function.json attributes and sql attributes for Java (#480)
Azure/azure-functions-sql-extension: CONTRIBUTING.md

### SQL Setup

> In order to test changes it is suggested that you have a SQL server set up to connect to and run queries against. Instructions to set this up can be found in the [Quick Start Guide](./docs/GeneralSetup.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to test changes it is suggested that you have a SQL server set up to connect to and run queries against. Instructions to set this up can be found in the [General Setup Guide](./docs/GeneralSetup.md)
```
